# Group 19 Meeting Minutes #
## Date: 10-14-2021 ##
## Location: Giesel  ##
     Note Taker: Liza 

### **Meeting called by:** Leads ###

### **Type of meeting:** Kickoff Meeting ###
--------------------------------------

## Minutes ##

### Agenda Item: Old Buisness ###

**Discussion:** 
As this is our first meeting there is not a lot of old buisness excpet for
TODO's communicated in slack: 
- All team memebers filled out their info on github page( good job everyone!)

-------

### Agenda Item:  Team Contract ###

**Discussion:**
We discussed a set of Rules that can be found in Rules.MD. Goerge created a template and Peter wrote down our ideas.
Main Ideas: 
- Communicate & Participate! 
- Conflict Resolution internal prior to external!
- Assigned certain individual roles 

**Conclusions:**
We all agreed to abide by the rules.

-----------------------------------


### Agenda Item: Meeting Structure ###

**Discussion:**  
#### Standup set up ####
- Everyone says what they are doing + what they need help on
- Team Leads talk about what needs to be done
- possibly a standup channel where people text every day 
#### Sprints (3?) ####
- Will also need at least three sprints: 
- 1) For Design
- 2) For Coding
- 3) For testing


**Conclusions:**
We plan to meet  on Tuesdays and possibly Thursdays at 6:20 pm until 8pm.

-------

-------

### Agenda Item: Branding & README.md###

**Discussion:**  
- Main Idea: Big Bytez: Combines Food and Tech
- Mascot Bitten Hamburger named Bibi
- Nick came up with an icon
- Reny found fonts link here 
#### Discussed values 
- We prioritize quality in our finished product
- We strive to not over bake/over enginner our product and give you the simplest solution
- Innovating your Kitchen 
- We bake/code with love 
- We priorize family ( family recipies!) 
- Perfect curators of the food/tech you want 


-----------------------------------

### Agenda Item:  Roles Within the Team ###

**Discussion:**  
- We discussed possibilities of having a Planner, Communicator, Developer, Designer, Researcher
- Decided we did not want to split tasks explicitly because we all wanted to be part of the work 
- Will split roles once we figure out features and will have commitees for features.


**Conclusions:**


-----------------------------------

-------

### Agenda Item:  Team Contract ###

**Discussion:**
We discussed a set of Rules that can be found in Rules.MD. Written down by Peter! 
Main Ideas: Communicate & Participate!  

**Conclusions:**
We all agreed to abide by the rules.

-----------------------------------

### Agenda Item: TODO/ Ideas for Next meeting  ###

**Discussion:**
- Next Meeting Agenda: Come up with a deadline 
- Everyone: Go into READ.MD put your email and github, Sign Contract, Send a picture of yourself + fun facy
- Peter : Finish Contract by Friday
- Liza : Finish Meeting Notes
- Xi-Kai: Edit the Video

-----------------------------------


## Attendees: ##
 
- Nicholas(Lead) 
- George(Lead) 
- Nico 
- Liza 
- Peder 
- Brian 
- Xi-Kai 
- Huang 
- Reny
- Justin
