# Group 19 Meeting Minutes #
## Date: 10/26/19 ##
## Location: East Floor Library ##
     Note Taker: Justin Chanthabandith

### **Meeting called by:** ###

### **Type of meeting:**  ###
--------------------------------------

## Minutes ##

### Agenda Item: ###

**Discussion:**  

1. We have talk about just assigning the role
2. Also, meeting with Hema wso far mostly she like it!
3. We should focus 7/1
4. We need to find the 
5. Someone does a lot research could do this kind of role
6. 

**Conclusions:**

-------

### Agenda Item: ###

**Discussion:**  

**Conclusions:**

-------

### Agenda Item: ###

**Discussion:**  


**Conclusions:**

-------

-----------------------------------
## Pre-work/Preparation (documents/handouts to share, reading material, etc.) ##
|Description|Prepared by|
|-----------|-----------|
|||
|||
|||
## stand up discussion ##
|Name|Role|
|----|----|
||Designer|
||Developer|
||Tester|
||...|

1. What have you finished?
2. What's still in progress?
3. what are you trying to do next?

## Other Information ##


## Attendees: ##

- Hema (TA) 
- Nicholas(Lead) 
- George(Lead) 
- Nico 
- Liza 
- Peder 
- Brian 
- Xi-Kai 
- Huang 
- Reny
