# Group 19 Meeting Minutes #
## Date: 11/11/21 ##
## Location:Warren Mall 3  ##
     Note Taker: Nicholas Pham

### **Meeting called by: Nick** ###

### **Type of meeting:Retrospective Sprint 1**  ###
--------------------------------------

## Minutes ##

### Agenda Item: Radar  ###

**Discussion: **
 Every section was pretty mildly spread out, everyone has average engagement in project.
![Radar](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59597109/141407371-fcb0a36e-8073-4eb2-84f8-eee717c195b6.PNG)


**Conclusions:**
Everyone keep up the momentum and feel free to ask for help if you need!
-------

### Agenda Item: Mad,Sad,Glad ###

**Discussion:**  
Sad:
- Need to be more on top of deadlines.
- Start early and often on coding.
- Get CI/CD done.
- Make sure team members are responsive.
- Figure out what demo to present to Hema.
Glad:
- Everyone doing their part
- Designated tasks pretty well.
- People willing to take on tasks.
![MadSadGlad](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59597109/141407137-179a27d9-457f-447f-b16b-80066f50e3cc.PNG)
**Conclusions:**

-------

### Agenda Item: Search Bar ###

**Discussion:**  
- Need to get search bar working.


**Conclusions:**

-------
### Agenda Item: CI/CD ###

**Discussion:**  
- Need to do more research on CI/CD.
- Finish lab to get a grasp on CI/CD.
- Find a cloud vendor base to deploy code. Likely Heroku.
- Automate Actions via Github Actions.

**Conclusions:**
Must add to repo by monday.

-------
### Agenda Item: Routing ###

**Discussion:**  
- Need to get routing done for demo to Hema on tuesday.
- Get feed to display actual recipes with our recipe cards and route to recipe.
- Add tiles to homepage.


**Conclusions:**

-------
### Agenda Item: ADR ###

**Discussion:**  
- Review ADR and see if anything needs to be added.



**Conclusions:**

-------

-----------------------------------


## Other Information ##


## Attendees: ##

- Nicholas(Lead) 
- George(Lead) 
- Nico 
- Liza 
- Peder 
- Xi-Kai 
- Reny
- Justin
