# Group 19 Meeting Minutes #
## Date: 11/2/2021 ##
## Location: Zoom ##
     Note Taker: Nicholas Pham

### **Meeting called by:** ###
Hema
### **Type of meeting:**  ###
Pitch
--------------------------------------

## Minutes ##

### Agenda Item: Grocery List ###

**Discussion:**  
Need to explore functionality of grocery list.


**Conclusions:**
Move from MVP to Extension.

-------

### Agenda Item: Buttons ###

**Discussion:**  
Decided that the buttons should ideally be in the same place.

**Conclusions:**
Move share button to top of recipe page with favorite button.

-------

### Agenda Item: Mobile App ###

**Discussion:**  
We thought that we needed to make an application.

**Conclusions:**
We just need to make sure the css on the website transfers to mobile well.

-------
### Agenda Item: Pair Programming ###

**Discussion:**  
Pair programming keeps us more accountable and is easier 


**Conclusions:**
We need to assign features to pairs and start pair programming. 
Github Projects board is a great way to keep track of progress.

-------
### Agenda Item: API ###

**Discussion:**  
If spoonacular doesn't fulfill all our needs we should look into other APIs.
If using more than 1 API we must consider how difficult implementing them together is.


**Conclusions:**
Research more APIs / ensure spoonacular is sufficient.

-------

-----------------------------------

## Other Information ##
We need to fix wireframe and ensure all features we intend to keep are in and all features we are not prioritizing are not.

## Attendees: ##

- Hema (TA) 
- Nicholas(Lead) 
- George(Lead) 
- Nico 
- Liza 
- Xi-Kai 
- Justin


