# Group 19 Meeting Minutes #
## Date: 11/2/2021 ##
## Location: Geisel 1st Floor East  ##
     Note Taker: Nicholas Pham

### **Meeting called by: Team Leads ** ###

### **Type of meeting: Task Assignment and Wireframe Revision **  ###
--------------------------------------

## Minutes ##

### Agenda Item: Assign roles ###
|Role|Prepared by|
|-----------|-----------|
|API/Integration|George and Justin|
|Home Screen|Reny and Nick|
|User Portal|Brian and Clein|
|Search/Recipe Results|Peder|
|Recipe Page|Nico|
|Components|Liza and Kai|

**Discussion:**  
User Portal includes majority of extension features.
George and Justin will be assigned additional tasks to pick up as we progress.



**Conclusions:**
Get started early, often, and have html and css ready by tues 11/9.

-------

### Agenda Item: Fixing Wireframe ###

**Discussion:** 
-Put buttons close together.
-Remove Grocery List
-Move timer to extension instead of MVP.
-Add random recipe button.
-Add arrow to point to feed homepage for users who just want to scroll.

**Conclusions:**
Simply need to make sure wireframe, figma , and features all match.

-------

### Agenda Item: What to do before next meeting ###

**Discussion:**  
George and Justin set up project boards and assign tasks to team pairs accordingly.
Have designated html and css coded before next tuesday before hema meeting at least basics.



**Conclusions:**
Do stand ups to ensure we have progress tracked.


-------

-----------------------------------


## Other Information ##


## Attendees: ##

- Nicholas(Lead) 
- George(Lead) 
- Nico 
- Liza 
- Peder 
- Brian 
- Xi-Kai 
- Huang 
- Reny
