# Group 19 Meeting Minutes #
## Date: 11/30/21  ##
## Location: CSE 2217 ##
     Note Taker: Nicholas Pham

### **Meeting called by: HEMA** ###

### **Type of meeting: TA meeting**  ###
--------------------------------------

## Minutes ##

### Agenda Item: CI/CD ###

**Discussion:**  
- Tests previous version , so need to provide link instead to new version?


**Conclusions:**
-Other than that everything is good though we can write more tests.
-------

### Agenda Item: Website Review ###

**Discussion:**  
- Make filters always visible rather than a drop down.
- Fill up search results with more recipes.
- Show more/refresh recipes button to get more options/add more (by ten).
- Work on font for recipe page. Less bold.
- Consistent styling and font.


**Conclusions:**
Lets get to work :)
-------

### Agenda Item: Due Dates ###

**Discussion:** 
- Sprint Review and Retrospectives due friday.
- Teammate Evaluations 
- Fill out course and TA evaluations.


**Conclusions:**
Wrap everything up by dec6/7 to make sure everything is tidy.

-------

-----------------------------------


## Attendees: ##

- Hema (TA) 
- Nicholas(Lead) 
- George(Lead) 
- Nico 
- Liza 
- Peder 
- Justin
- Xi-Kai 
- Reny
