# Group 19 Meeting Minutes #
## Date: 12/2/21 ##
## Location:Zoom  ##
     Note Taker: Nicholas Pham

### **Meeting called by:Team** ###

### **Type of meeting:Retrospective**  ###
--------------------------------------

## Minutes ##

### Agenda Item:What went well and what did not go well. ###

**Discussion:**  
![retrium1](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59597109/144543770-2ddba025-05ac-4bdd-9811-6ca3ea55c743.PNG)
![retrium2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59597109/144543780-f20a354f-2d1c-4120-a4b3-39cf64fc20f0.PNG)
![PRActionPlan](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59597109/144543785-1a6888c6-306c-417b-9338-63403abe1882.PNG)
![PRBugs](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59597109/144543792-8389ff36-6802-42c1-b397-fe8124c8ee81.PNG)
![RetroMobile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/59597109/144543797-9c8897b3-c9a7-444a-91d3-08249cd7a6eb.PNG)


**Conclusions:**
- Need to clean up commented out code and useless code in our repo.
- Lets all collectively make it our job to check prs even if not assigned.
- More cooperation like pair programming.

-------



## Attendees: ##

- Justin
- Nicholas(Lead) 
- George(Lead) 
- Nico 
- Liza 
- Peder 
- Brian 
- Xi-Kai 
- Huang 
- Reny
